[IMP] Sales - Update optional_products.rst (#4404)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/optional_products.rst

=================
Optional products
=================

The use of optional products is a marketing strategy that involves the cross-selling of products
along with a core product. The aim is to offer useful and related products to customers, which may result

> in an increased sale.

Reviewer: Late 100th char line break

For instance, if a customer wants to buy a car, they have the choice to order massaging seats, as
well, or ignore the offer and simply buy the car. Presenting the choice to purchase optional
products enhances the customer experience.

Optional products on quotations
===============================

With the Odoo *Sales* application, it is possible to add or modify optional products directly on
quotations (located under the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab on a quotation form, in the *Sales*
application).

> .. image:: optional_products/optional_products_2.png

Reviewer: Note on images - since we are already improving this document, please update the images to follow our guidelines being sure to retaking screenshots if they cannot be resized and still be legible as well as have the correct filename convention (maximum width of 933px or ideally 768px wide & descriptive hyphenated filename). Please let me know if you have any questions! 🙂

   :align: center

>    :alt: How to add optional products to your quotations on Odoo Sales

Reviewer: Let's add periods to alt tags

.. note::
   Clicking the :guilabel:`Customer Preview` button, reveals a preview of the quotation customers
   receive via email, along with the optional products they have a chance of adding to their order.

   .. image:: optional_products/optional_products_3.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Preview your quotations on Odoo Sales

> In practice, your customers are able to add different optional products to an order by clicking the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, customers are able to add different optional products to an order by clicking the
```

:guilabel:`Shopping Cart icon`, located to the right of the optional product line.

Additionally, if a customer selects all the optional products suggested, these additional items are
automatically filled in the quotation managed by the salesman.

.. image:: optional_products/optional_products_4.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to select optional products on Odoo Sales

When the customer adds an optional product(s) to an order, the salesperson sees each movement made
by the customer, providing them with accurate tracking of the entire order in the backend of the
*Sales* application (on the specific quotation form).

.. image:: optional_products/optional_products_5.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to follow each movement made by your customers on Odoo Sales

Optional products on quotation templates
========================================

> Be sure to review the documentation about :doc:`quote_template` to better understand how quotation

Reviewer: Please use global relative paths rather than local relative paths
```suggestion
Be sure to review the documentation about
:doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` to better understand how quotation
```

templates can be enabled, created, designed, and managed before reading the following.

For quotation templates, just like a typical quotation form, there is also an
:guilabel:`Optional Products` tab, wherein related products or services can be added to a quotation
template. Those products added under the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab are present in the
quotation, by default, whenever that particular quotation template is used.

.. image:: optional_products/optional_products_1.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to add optional products to your quotation templates on Odoo Sales

> .. seealso::

Reviewer: Can remove the bullet point from a single item in a seealso :)

=================
Optional products
=================

The use of optional products is a marketing strategy that involves the cross-selling of products
along with a core product. The aim is to offer useful and related products to customers, which may
result in an increased sale.

For instance, if a customer wants to buy a car, they have the choice to order massaging seats, as
well, or ignore the offer and simply buy the car. Presenting the choice to purchase optional
products enhances the customer experience.

Optional products on quotations
===============================

> With the Odoo *Sales* application, it is possible to add or modify optional products directly on
> quotations (located under the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab on a quotation form, in the *Sales*
> application).

Reviewer 2: More concise.
```suggestion
With the Odoo *Sales* application, it is possible to add or modify optional products directly on
quotations by navigating to the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab on a quotation form.
```

> .. image:: optional_products/optional-products-2.png

Reviewer: Please update all of the image file names to follow the [image file naming convention](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#media-files). Image names should not be sequential like this because it does not provide any contextual information of the image just by reading the file name

   :align: center
   :alt: How to add optional products to your quotations on Odoo Sales.

> .. note::
>    Clicking the :guilabel:`Customer Preview` button, reveals a preview of the quotation customers
>    receive via email, along with the optional products they have a chance of adding to their order.

Reviewer 2: This to me is a **tip**
Changing to simple present, as well.
```suggestion
.. tip::
   Click the :guilabel:`Customer Preview` button to reveal a preview of the quotation customers
   would receive via email, along with the optional products they have a chance of adding to their
   order.
```

   .. image:: optional_products/optional-products-3.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Preview your quotations on Odoo Sales.

In practice, customers are able to add different optional products to an order by clicking the

> :guilabel:`Shopping Cart icon`, located to the right of the optional product line.

Reviewer: If referring to an icon, place only the icon descriptive text in the backticks of the guilabel, leaving the word "icon" outside and only capitalize proper nouns:
```suggestion
:guilabel:`shopping cart` icon, located to the right of the optional product line.
```
Just as an FYI - if you chose to use an icon inside the guilabel it would look like this:
```suggestion
:guilabel:`🛒 (shopping cart)` icon, located to the right of the optional product line.
```

automatically filled in the quotation managed by the salesman.

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-4.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to select optional products on Odoo Sales.

When the customer adds an optional product(s) to an order, the salesperson sees each movement made
by the customer, providing them with accurate tracking of the entire order in the backend of the
*Sales* application (on the specific quotation form).

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-5.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to follow each movement made by your customers on Odoo Sales.

Optional products on quotation templates
========================================

Be sure to review the documentation about
:doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` to better understand how quotation
templates can be enabled, created, designed, and managed before reading the following.

For quotation templates, just like a typical quotation form, there is also an :guilabel:`Optional
Products` tab, wherein related products or services can be added to a quotation template. Those
products added under the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab are present in the quotation, by

> default, whenever that particular quotation template is used.

Reviewer: early 100th char line break

Author: I see. I only made this break because I thought that since the comma was right after the word "default" (in other words no spaces separating the two) that it needed to be knocked down to the next line. No worries, though. I slightly restructured the sentence to make everything work. Thanks 👍

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-1.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to add optional products to your quotation templates on Odoo Sales.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`quote_template`

Reviewer: Please use global relative paths instead of local relative paths

   order.

   .. image:: optional_products/optional-products-checkout.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Preview your quotations on Odoo Sales.

In practice, customers are able to add different optional products to an order by clicking the
:guilabel:`🛒 (shopping cart)` icon, located to the right of the optional product line. If a
customer selects all the optional products suggested, these additional items are automatically
filled in on the quotation that is managed by the salesperson.

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-add-to-cart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to select optional products on Odoo Sales.

When the customer adds an optional product(s) to an order, the salesperson is instantly notified
about the change, along with any other change the customer makes to an order. This allows
salespeople to stay up-to-date with everything related to an order in the backend of the *Sales*
application.

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-order-lines.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to follow each movement made by your customers on Odoo Sales.

Optional products on quotation templates
========================================

> Be sure to review the documentation about

Reviewer 2: adjusting here, as the doc link renders as **Use quotation templates**
optionally, can use custom anchor text to fit the sentence that surrounds the link 👍 
more info: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#documentation-pages-hyperlinks

```suggestion
Be sure to review the documentation on how to
```

> :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` to better understand how quotation
> templates can be enabled, created, designed, and managed before reading the following information.

Reviewer 2: optional: less wordy
would consider putting this entire sentence in a **note** or **tip** admonition block
```suggestion
:doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` to better understand how quotation templates
work before reading the following information.
```
